Add documentation for os regional settings feature (#2113)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/os-regional-settings.md

| Data Source | Result |
|--------|-------------------------|
| **Preferred language** in the **setting** page is the language selected for rendering Microsoft Edge. | This language/region is also used for formatting values such as date, time, and numbers. |
|  `accept-language` header | This is used for Website Server-side processing. Microsoft Edge sends the language list (as regional codes) specified in **edge://settings/languages**. | 
| `navigator.language` | This is the preferred language (at the top of the list) used to render websites. |

## The Sharing setting
Customers have three settings on Microsoft Edge to select the level of information their browser will share about their regions:

* Never 
* Limited (default) 
* Always (not recommended). 

#### The Never option
To minimize the risks, users can disable the sharing of OS regional information by selecting **Never**. The **Never** option still allows websites to read regional information, but does block any specific OS regional customizations that the user has made from being exposed to website content. Instead, the browser's display language is used to derive a default region. 

#### The Limited option (default)

> The default, recommended value is **Limited**. When using the **Limited** setting, the above risks are mitigated by ensuring that mismatched combinations of language and region aren't revealed to websites. The **Limited** option ensures that only valid combinations of the user's current browser display language preference and a given region value are used. **Limited** ensures that websites won't see a regional code anomaly (though it could still look unusual per geographic inference), and also ensures that for language processing, websites will at least provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in weird combinations). The **Limited** option compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser’s display language, and the regional part coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will pass the result through to the website. If the language in the message doesn't match, the feature acts as if **Never** was selected (the regional information falls back to being derived from the browser’s display language). 

Author: ```suggestion
The default, recommended value is **Limited**. When using the **Limited** setting, only valid combinations of the user's current browser display language preference and a given region value are used. **Limited** ensures that for language processing, websites will at least provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in mismatched combinations). The **Limited** option compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser’s display language, and the regional part coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will provide the regional code to websites as the default locale. If the OS-specified formatting language doesn't match Microsoft Edge's preferred language, the **Limited** option will act as if **Never** was selected (the regional code falls back to the browser’s preferred display language). 
```

> Note: the **limited** value is similar to current Firefox behavior for exposing the regional code, as described in [Regional Preferences - Firefox Source Docs documentation (mozilla.org)](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/intl/locale.html#regional-preferences), but also offers the possibility to not share this information at all. 

Author: ```suggestion
Note: the **Limited** option is similar to current Firefox behavior for exposing the regional code, as described in [Regional Preferences - Firefox Source Docs documentation (mozilla.org)](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/intl/locale.html#regional-preferences), but also offers the possibility to not share this information at all. 
```

#### The Always option (not recommended)

> If **Always** is selected, the user is exposed to the full set of risks noted earlier: the potential to be easily signaled out for fingerprinting, and also to potentially see website language-processing problems and inconsistencies. However, the user's OS preferences will be made available to the website without any limitations or restrictions, to be sure their preferences are respected. 

Author: ```suggestion
If **Always** is selected, the user's OS regional preferences will be provided to the Website without any limitations or restrictions. The user may be exposed to additionall fingerprinting and to Website compatibility problems (inconsistent use of language and formatting). See below "Avoiding potential misuse" section.)
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Policy Controls 
A related new policy in Microsoft Edge, **ShareOSRegionThroughJavaScriptLocale**, provides a setting for corporate or enterprise-level default configurations.  This setting accepts an integer with the following potential values: 

|Number| Description |
|--------|-------------------------|
| 1 | Limited | 
| 2 | Always | 
| 3 | Never | 

> In addition, an older policy, [ApplicationLocaleValue](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue), allows setting the Microsoft Edge locale and prevents users from changing it. 

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, an older policy, [ApplicationLocaleValue](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue), sets the Microsoft Edge locale and locks it to prevent users from changing it. 
```

## Avoiding potential misuse

> We believe that **Limited** is the right default that allows the most user's regional preferences to be respected with the least amount of risk of the website misusing this information.

Author: ```suggestion
We believe that **Limited** is the right option for most users. **Limited** respects the user's regional preferences while introducing the least amount of risk of the website misusing this information.
```

#### Fingerprinting Entropy
OS regional information could be misused to compromise the user's privacy.  The regional information would help hackers establish fingerprinting entropy. In combination with many other pre-existing bits of entropy in the platform today, the user could be uniquely identified leading to more potential secondary harm. While a user's region and language are already available via the web platform, users generally fall into well-recognized regional codes that are similar across geographies.  Because the sample sizes are so large, the risk of any specific regional code standing out is small, and thus the risk is small. If the user changes their OS preferences to a unique language + region, websites may be able to identify the anomaly in a population, and easily uniquely identify the associated user. 

#### Content Presentation

> The OS regional information could be misused by a website is in the consistency of their content presentation. There are various places in the web platform where language and regional information is made available.  Regional information is processed in one place, while language preferences are surfaced in another.  Furthermore, this information is proactively sent to the server on the initial request for content.

Author: ```suggestion
The OS regional information can also be misused and lead to inconsistency of a Website's language presentation. Microsoft Edge provides multiple language and regional APIs to Websites developers.  Websites may process regional information in one place, while deriving language preferences from another.
```

> When the language and regional information is self-consistent, then it doesn't really matter which signals the website uses to assemble its content presentation. However, if one part of the web platform starts reporting a language preference, but another part of the platform reports a separate language, then the website may start to mix-and-match regional preferences, resulting in strange and unusual experiences.  Watch for the phrasing of requests that mixes languages and regional preferences together, such as "Email sent on miércoles, 5 de enero de 2021".

Author: ```suggestion
When the language and regional information is self-consistent, then it doesn't really matter which APIs the website uses to assemble its content presentation. However, if a Website reads the language information from multiple APIs and those APIs return different language codes, then the website may inadvertently start to mix-and-match regional preferences, resulting in strange user experiences. Watch for phrasing that mixes languages and regional preferences together, such as "Email sent on miércoles, 5 de enero de 2021".
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Developer Details 
The new setting to **Share additional OS regional format** directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object's default regional value and all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (such as the `Date` constructor). 

When the `Intl` object's constructors (such as `DateTimeFormat`) are provided with an existing regional code, their behavior is unchanged. However, when a specific regional code is not provided, the constructors will use the **default regional code**. The new user preference also affects other date and time formatting APIs that rely on the default regional code, such as `Date`.

The default regional code is what is surfaced via the new user preference. For example, a `DateTimeFormat` can be created with the user's default regional code (and inspected) via the following expression:

```js
Intl.DateTimeFormat().resolvedOptions().locale 
```

> Other areas in the platform, such as the `accept-languages` header that's sent via HTTP/HTTPS GET requests, and the `navigator.language` and `navigator.languages` APIs, aren't impacted by the regional information that's shared by the OS, as noted earlier.

Author: ```suggestion
Other areas in the platform, such as the `accept-languages` header sent via HTTP/HTTPS GET requests to the server, and the `navigator.language` and `navigator.languages` APIs, are not impacted by the regional information that's shared by the OS.
```

---
title: Updates to Region information exposed to web content
description: How customers and web developers can use the OS regional format in Microsoft Edge for improved site experiences
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 08/11/2022
--- 

> # Updates to Region information exposed to web content

Reviewer: better title possible, relating to user POV?  Is the article about 1 specific new UI control/setting that could be highlighted in the title?  If so, change TOC.yml & "title: " YAML field above & this h1.

Author: > Is the article about 1 specific new UI control/setting that could be highlighted in the title?

Yes, will suggest a better title...

Reviewer 2: done

> Microsoft Edge provides operating system (OS) regional preference information to web content to help web site authors create regional experiences on their website. This feature allows website authors to deliver value to customers who specifically change their regional preferences in the OS to reflect their personal preferences.

Reviewer: global:  web foo or website?
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/w/web-world-wide-web-www

Reviewer 2: fixed

> Microsoft Edge provides operating sysytem (OS) regional preference information to web content to help web site authors create regional experiences on their website. This feature allows website authors to deliver value to customers who specifically change their regional preferences in the OS to reflect their personal preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge provides operating system (OS) regional preference information to web content to help web site authors create regional experiences on their website. This feature allows website authors to deliver value to customers who specifically change their regional preferences in the OS to reflect their personal preferences.
```
better Sentence 1 possible?

Reviewer: Sentence 1: "web site" or "website"?  check MWSG style guide

Users want to see dates, times, numbers, and other formatting printed according to their preferences. For example, the US geographic region translates **7/2/2022** into **July 2nd, 2022**.  Another geographic region could translate that same date into **February 7, 2022** because they read the month and day inversely. 

## Regional Codes

> The user’s formatting preferences are abstracted into a simple regional code, which is used by web applications to infer the various details noted above about dates, times, and other formatting preferences. With a regional code, websites can use a built-in Internationalization API to properly format information into the user's preferences. The built-in Internationalization API saves lots of MB of data transfer over the network, keeping websites small and allowing them to quickly and easily adapt to different regions. In general, the website's internationalization customer experiences are only as good as the regional code that they're able to determine for the current user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user's formatting preferences are abstracted into a simple regional code, which is used by web applications to infer the various details noted above about dates, times, and other formatting preferences. With a regional code, websites can use a built-in Internationalization API to properly format information into the user's preferences.

The built-in Internationalization API saves lots of MB of data transfer over the network, keeping websites small and allowing them to quickly and easily adapt to different regions. In general, the website's internationalization customer experiences are only as good as the regional code that they're able to determine for the current user. 
```

This feature enables website authors to deliver value to these customers in particular—customers who specifically change their regional preferences in the OS to reflect their personal needs or interests. 

## Regional Codes

> The user’s formatting preferences are abstracted into a relatively simple regional code, which is used by web applications to infer the various details noted above about dates, times, and other formatting preferences. With a regional code, websites can use a built-in Internationalization API to properly format information into the user's preferences. The built-in Internationalization API saves lots of MB of data transfer over the network, keeping websites small and allowing them to quickly and easily adapt to different regions. In general, the website's internationalization customer experiences are only as good as the regional code that they're able to determine for the current user. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The user’s formatting preferences are abstracted into a simple regional code, which is used by web applications to infer the various details noted above about dates, times, and other formatting preferences. With a regional code, websites can use a built-in Internationalization API to properly format information into the user's preferences. The built-in Internationalization API saves lots of MB of data transfer over the network, keeping websites small and allowing them to quickly and easily adapt to different regions. In general, the website's internationalization customer experiences are only as good as the regional code that they're able to determine for the current user. 
```

> A regional code is a hyphenated two letter language code followed by a two-letter region code: [chromium uses ICU an implementation of the Unicode Standard’s Internationalization API](https://icu.unicode.org/home).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A regional code is a two-letter language code followed by a hyphen and a two-letter region code.  The Chromium browser engine uses ICU, which is an implementation of the Unicode standard’s Internationalization API.  See [ICU](https://icu.unicode.org/home).
```

Reviewer: @travisleithead - do we need to specify "used by the Chromium engine" here, or is it sufficient to say Microsoft Edge?  ppl are more likely to know what edge means

> A regional code is a hyphenated two letter language code followed by a two-letter region code: [chromium uses ICU an implementation of the Unicode Standard’s Internationalization API](https://icu.unicode.org/home).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A regional code is a hyphenated two letter language code followed by a two-letter region code. Chromium uses ICU, which is an implementation of the Unicode Standard’s Internationalization API. For information, see [ICU-TC Home Page](https://icu.unicode.org/home).
```

> To set the user’s language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS at the time it's first installed. After that, users can change the language preferences on **edge://settings/languages** and then sorting them in priority order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the user's language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS at the time it's first installed. After that, users can change the language preferences on **edge://settings/languages** and then sorting them in priority order.
```

> To set the user's language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS at the time it's first installed. After that, users can change the language preferences on **edge://settings/languages** and then sorting them in priority order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the user's language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS at the time it's first installed. After that, users can change the language preferences in `edge://settings/languages` and then sort them in priority order.
```

> To set the user’s language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS at the time it's first installed. After that, users can change the language preferences via **edge://settings/**languages and sorting them in a priority order.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To set the user’s language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS at the time it's first installed. After that, users can change the language preferences on **edge://settings/languages** and then sorting them in priority order.
```

|Microsoft Edge Setting Category| Description |
|--------|-------------------------|

> | The language used for rendering Microsoft Edge's UI | edge://settings/languages. One item in the list will indicate **Microsoft Edge is displayed in this language**|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The language used for rendering Microsoft Edge's UI | edge://settings/languages. One item in the list will indicate **Microsoft Edge is displayed in this language**. |
```

> | The Language used to render web sites | **Website Server-side processing**: Microsoft Edge sends the language list (as regional codes) specified in **edge://settings/languages** via the accept-language header. <br><br> **Website Client-side processing**: Microsoft Edge makes the language list (as regional codes) available via the `navigator.languages` DOM API. The preferred language (at the top of the list) is also available as `navigator.language`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The Language used to render web sites | **Website Server-side processing**: Microsoft Edge sends the language list (as regional codes) specified in **edge://settings/languages** via the `accept-language` header. <br><br> **Website Client-side processing**: Microsoft Edge makes the language list (as regional codes) available via the `navigator.languages` DOM API. The preferred language (at the top of the list) is also available as `navigator.language`. |
```

Reviewer: "preferred language" is not-bold on this row, yet "displayed language" is bold on next row.  consistent?

> | The Language used to render web sites | **Website Server-side processing**: Microsoft Edge sends the language list (as regional codes) specified in **edge://settings/languages** via the accept-language header. <br><br> **Website Client-side processing**: Microsoft Edge makes the language list (as regional codes) available via the `navigator.languages` DOM API. The preferred language (at the top of the list) is also available as `navigator.language`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The Language used to render web sites | **Website Server-side processing**: Microsoft Edge sends the language list (as regional codes) specified in **edge://settings/languages** via the accept-language header. <br><br> **Website Client-side processing**: Microsoft Edge makes the language list (as regional codes) available via the `navigator.languages` DOM API. The preferred language (at the top of the list) is also available as `navigator.language`. |
```

> | The language/region used for formatting date, time, numbers, etc. | The language in the **edge://settings/languages** list specified as the **displayed language** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The language/region used for formatting values such as date, time, and numbers. | The language in the **edge://settings/languages** list specified as the **displayed language**. |
```

Reviewer: usually format URLs as backticks not bold

> ### Regional Format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Regional Format
```
global in page: change h3 to h4 (unless page has special req'mt)

> To reflect a customer’s regional preferences (especially in the cases where the customer has changed their default preferences in the OS), Microsoft Edge is making a new Setting available in the “Language” section of Settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reflect a customer’s regional preferences (especially in the cases where the customer has changed their default preferences in the OS), Microsoft Edge is making a new setting available in the **Language** section of **Settings**:
```

> To reflect a customer’s regional preferences (especially in the cases where the customer has changed their default preferences in the OS), Microsoft Edge is making a new Setting available in the “Language” section of Settings:

Reviewer: global: change curly quotes to straight.  in VS Code, copy/Find a curly quote.

Reviewer 2: done

> 

Reviewer: add regular text here, don't depend on .png.  make doc clear even w/o png rendered

Reviewer 2: addressed

![Share additional OS regional format with the option **limited** selected.](media/os-regional-setting-screenshot.msft.png)

This access will allow websites to have visibility into more customer's specific regional preferences than was previously possible. Customers that changed their OS regional preferences may now see their preferences reflected automatically in more websites.

> ## Sharing Setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Sharing setting
```
check UI labels

Customers have three settings on Microsoft Edge to select the level of information their browser will share about their regions:

* Never 
* Limited (default) 
* Always (not recommended). 

> #### Never Setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The Never setting
```

> To minimize the risks, customers can disable the sharing of OS regional information by choosing **never**. This setting prevents websites from reading region information, but does block any specific OS regional customizations that the user has made from being exposed to website content. Instead, the browser'’'s display language is used to derive a default region. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To minimize the risks, customers can disable the sharing of OS regional information by choosing **never**. This setting prevents websites from reading region information, but does block any specific OS regional customizations that the user has made from being exposed to website content. Instead, the browser's display language is used to derive a default region. 
```

> #### Limited Setting (Default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The Limited setting (default)
```

> The default recommended value is **limited**. With this setting, the above risks are mitigated by ensuring that “incompatible” combinations of language and region aren't revealed to websites. The “limited” value ensures that only valid combinations of the user's current browser display language preference and a given region value are used. **Limited** ensures that websites won't see a regional code anomaly (though it could still look unusual per geographic inference), and also ensures that for language processing, websites will at least provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in weird combinations). The **limited** setting compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser’s display language, and the regional part coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will pass the result through to the website. If the language in the message doesn't match, the feature acts as if **never** was selected (the regional information falls back to being derived from the browser’s display language). 

Reviewer: change "incompatible" to soft term "mismatched"

Reviewer 2: done

> 

Reviewer: global: If "Never", "Limited", etc are init-cap in UI, make them Init cap bold in .md file.

> Note: the **limited** value is similar to current Firefox behavior for exposing the regional code as described in [Firefox Source Docs documentation (mozilla.org)](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/intl/locale.html#regional-preferences), but also offers the possibility to not share this information at all. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: the **limited** value is similar to current Firefox behavior for exposing the regional code, as described in [Firefox Source Docs documentation (mozilla.org)](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/intl/locale.html#regional-preferences), but also offers the possibility to not share this information at all. 
```

> 

Reviewer: global: change "customer" to "user"

Reviewer 2: done

Note: the **limited** value is similar to current Firefox behavior for exposing the regional code as described in [Firefox Source Docs documentation (mozilla.org)](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/intl/locale.html#regional-preferences), but also offers the possibility to not share this information at all. 

> #### Always Setting (Not Recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The Always setting (not recommended)
```

> If **Always** is selected, the customer is exposed to the full set of risks noted earlier: the potential to be easily signaled out for fingerprinting, and also to potentially see website language-processing problems and inconsistencies. However, the user's OS preferences will be made available to the website without any limitations or restrictions to be sure their preferences are respected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If **Always** is selected, the customer is exposed to the full set of risks noted earlier: the potential to be easily signaled out for fingerprinting, and also to potentially see website language-processing problems and inconsistencies. However, the user's OS preferences will be made available to the website without any limitations or restrictions, to be sure their preferences are respected. 
```

> ## Policy Controls 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Policy Controls 
```

> A related new policy added to Microsoft Edge provides a setting for corporate or enterprise-level default configurations: **ShareOSRegionThroughJavaScriptLocale** which accepts an integer with potential values: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A related new policy in Microsoft Edge, **ShareOSRegionThroughJavaScriptLocale**, provides a setting for corporate or enterprise-level default configurations.  This setting accepts an integer with the following potential values: 
```

|Number| Description |
|--------|-------------------------|
| 1 | Limited | 
| 2 | Always | 
| 3 | Never | 

> In addition, an [older policy](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue) (**ApplicationLocaleValue**) allows setting the Microsoft Edge locale and prevents users from changing it. 

Reviewer: link text should match the destination heading, per style guides.  Usually/often, have a sentence w/ no links, then at end of paragraph:  See [Destination title here](url).

> In addition, an [older policy](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue) (**ApplicationLocaleValue**) allows setting the Microsoft Edge locale and prevents users from changing it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, an older policy, [ApplicationLocaleValue](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue), allows setting the Microsoft Edge locale and prevents users from changing it. 
```

Reviewer: Notes about the above Suggestion:
link text should match the destination heading, per style guides. Usually/often, have a sentence w/ no links, then at end of paragraph: See [Destination title here](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2113/url). A different pattern might be needed here. Link goes to url
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue

h2 is titled: ApplicationLocaleValue
in page titled: Microsoft Edge - Policies

| 2 | Always | 
| 3 | Never | 

In addition, an [older policy](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue) (**ApplicationLocaleValue**) allows setting the Microsoft Edge locale and prevents users from changing it. 

> ## Avoiding Potential Misuse 

Reviewer: Global in page: change to sentence-case headings, remove trailing spaces
```suggestion
## Avoiding potential misuse
```

> We believe that **limited** is the right default that allows the most customer’s regional preferences to be respected with the least amount of risk of the website misusing this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We believe that **Limited** is the right default that allows the most customer’s regional preferences to be respected with the least amount of risk of the website misusing this information.
```
if uppercase in UI (not sure about if API)

Reviewer: maybe supposed to be lowercase, if just an API not a UI

#### Content Presentation

> The OS regional information could be misused by a website is in the consistency of their content presentation. There are various places in the web platform where language and regional information is made available. Regional information is processed in one place, while language preferences are surfaced in another.  Furthermore, this information is proactively sent to the server on the initial request for content. When the language and regional information is self-consistent, then it doesn’t really matter which signals the website uses to assemble its content presentation. If one part of the web platform starts reporting a language preference, but another part of the platform reports a separate language, then the website may start to mix-and-match regional preferences resulting in strange and unusual experiences.  Watch for the phrasing of requests that mixes languages and regional preferences together (such as "Email sent on miércoles, 5 de enero de 2021").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OS regional information could be misused by a website is in the consistency of their content presentation. There are various places in the web platform where language and regional information is made available. Regional information is processed in one place, while language preferences are surfaced in another.  Furthermore, this information is proactively sent to the server on the initial request for content. When the language and regional information is self-consistent, then it doesn’t really matter which signals the website uses to assemble its content presentation. If one part of the web platform starts reporting a language preference, but another part of the platform reports a separate language, then the website may start to mix-and-match regional preferences, resulting in strange and unusual experiences.  Watch for the phrasing of requests that mixes languages and regional preferences together (such as "Email sent on miércoles, 5 de enero de 2021").
```

OS regional information could be misused to compromise the user's privacy.  The regional information would help hackers establish fingerprinting entropy. In combination with many other pre-existing bits of entropy in the platform today, the user could be uniquely identified leading to more potential secondary harm. While a user's region and language are already available via the web platform, users generally fall into well-recognized regional codes that are similar across geographies.  Because the sample sizes are so large, the risk of any specific regional code standing out is small, and thus the risk is small. If the user changes their OS preferences to a unique language + region, websites may be able to identify the anomaly in a population, and easily uniquely identify the associated customer. 

#### Content Presentation

> The OS regional information could be misused by a website is in the consistency of their content presentation. There are various places in the web platform where language and regional information is made available. Regional information is processed in one place, while language preferences are surfaced in another.  Furthermore, this information is proactively sent to the server on the initial request for content. When the language and regional information is self-consistent, then it doesn’t really matter which signals the website uses to assemble its content presentation. If one part of the web platform starts reporting a language preference, but another part of the platform reports a separate language, then the website may start to mix-and-match regional preferences resulting in strange and unusual experiences.  Watch for the phrasing of requests that mixes languages and regional preferences together (such as "Email sent on miércoles, 5 de enero de 2021").

Reviewer: Global in page: try 2 or 3 sentences per paragraph max; add whitespace blank lines to group sentences even if arbitrary.

> The new setting to **Share additional OS regional format** directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object’s default regional value and all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (such as the `Date` constructor). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new setting to **Share additional OS regional format** directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object's default regional value and all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (such as the `Date` constructor). 
```

> In cases where the `Intl` object's constructors are used to create a new regional code, such as `DateTimeFormat` (with an existing regional code where these behaviors are unchanged). However, the constructors do offer options to create objects without a specified regional code, but the APIs fallback to a default regional code.

Reviewer: "In cases" - make complete sentence

Reviewer: @travisleithead - tech input needed at ""In cases" - make complete sentence

Reviewer 2: done

## Developer Details 

> The new setting to **Share additional OS regional format** directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object’s default regional value and all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (such as the `Date` constructor). In cases where the `Intl` object's constructors are used to create a new regional code, such as `DateTimeFormat` (with an existing regional code where these behaviors are unchanged). However, the Constructors do offer options to create objects without a specified regional code, but the APIs fallback to a default regional code. The default regional code is what is surfaced via the new user preference. For example, a `DateTimeFormat` can be created with the user's default regional code (and inspected) via: 

Reviewer: rewrite as sentence:

In cases where the `Intl` object's constructors are used to create a new regional code, such as `DateTimeFormat` (with an existing regional code where these behaviors are unchanged).

I'd try breaking out parenthetical as a regular sentence maybe

> The new setting to **Share additional OS regional format** directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object’s default regional value and all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (such as the `Date` constructor). In cases where the `Intl` object's constructors are used to create a new regional code, such as `DateTimeFormat` (with an existing regional code where these behaviors are unchanged). However, the Constructors do offer options to create objects without a specified regional code, but the APIs fallback to a default regional code. The default regional code is what is surfaced via the new user preference. For example, a `DateTimeFormat` can be created with the user's default regional code (and inspected) via: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new setting to **Share additional OS regional format** directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object’s default regional value and all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (such as the `Date` constructor). 

In cases where the `Intl` object's constructors are used to create a new regional code, such as `DateTimeFormat` (with an existing regional code where these behaviors are unchanged). However, the constructors do offer options to create objects without a specified regional code, but the APIs fallback to a default regional code.

The default regional code is what is surfaced via the new user preference. For example, a `DateTimeFormat` can be created with the user's default regional code (and inspected) via the following expression
```

```js
Intl.DateTimeFormat().resolvedOptions().locale 
```

> Other areas in the platform, such as the accept-languages header sent via HTTP/HTTPS gets requests and the `navigator.language` and `navigator.languages` API aren't impacted by the regional information shared by the OS as noted earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other areas in the platform, such as the accept-languages header sent via HTTP/HTTPS gets requests and the `navigator.language` and `navigator.languages` API aren't impacted by the regional information shared by the OS, as noted earlier.
```

Reviewer: @travisleithead  - "gets requests" - need to fix wording, is this about "GET requests"?

---
title: Updates to Region information exposed to web content
description: How customers and web developers can use the OS regional format in Microsoft Edge for improved site experiences
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge

> ms.date: 08/11/2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 08/15/2022
```

--- 
# Updates to Region information exposed to web content

> ## Abstract 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I will mainly to a local rewrite of article in VS Code then push a commit, even though I might put Comments/Suggestions here in github.com PR UI too.

Reviewer 2: I am adding item on here directly to the .md file.

Microsoft Edge provides more accurate OS regional preference information to web content in order to help web site authors provide better regional tailored experiences for their customers who have customized their OS regional preferences.

> ## Customer Value

Reviewer: I will add blank lines and straighten curly quotes, locally and push a commit.

> Users want to see dates and times, numbers, and other formatting printed according to their preferences. For example: “7/2/2022” means “July 2nd, 2022” in some regions but could mean “February 7, 2022” in other regions. These preferences are based generally on the region in which the user lives and in most cases these preferences are set correctly by the operating system and respected by Edge when it is installed. However, in some special circumstances, users may opt to change their preferences or live in a region in which default preferences may be ambiguous. This feature enables website authors to deliver value to these customers in particular—customers who specifically change their regional preferences in the OS to reflect their personal needs or interests. 

Reviewer: I'll break up long paragraphs, locally.

Prior to this feature, these customer’s regional preferences were ignored by the browser. This feature allows these customers to express their intent for how their OS region information will be made available to web content. 

## Problem
The user’s formatting preferences are abstracted into a relatively simple “regional code.” The regional code is used by web applications to infer the various details noted above about dates, times and other formatting preferences. With a regional code, websites can use a built-in “Internationalization” API to properly format a variety of user preferences. The built-in Internationalization API saves lots of MB of data transfer over the network, keeping websites small and light, and allowing them to quickly and easily adapt to different regions and languages around the globe. In general, the website’s internationalization customer experiences are only as good as the regional code that they are able to determine for the current user. 

> A regional code is a hyphenated 2 letter language code followed by a 2 letter region code (generally—the standard for language and regional codes is quite complex: [chromium uses ICU an implementation of the Unicode Standard’s Internationalization API](https://icu.unicode.org/home). See their docs for specific details.) For example: “en-US” means the United States region where English is the primary language. “en-GB” means English with the preferences of Great Britain (UK). Similarly, other language and regional codes express these pairs for other languages: “pt-BR” means Brazilian Portuguese. 

Reviewer: i'll break out nested parenthetical sentences

Reviewer 2: edited

To setup the user’s language preferences, Edge gets the default values from the OS at the time Edge is first installed. After that, users can change the language preferences via edge://settings/languages, including adding multiple languages (with or without region information) and sorting them in a priority order. That language information is used in a variety of ways:

> |   | What Setting Edge uses? |

Reviewer: i'll add "Microsoft" before "Edge" globally

Reviewer 2: Done

| Language/region used for formatting date, time, numbers, etc. | The language in the edge://settings/languages list specified as the “displayed language” |

While many OSes supported by Microsoft Edge do have a facility to specify regional information preferences, this OS information (as a regional code) is not used by the browser, and customers who make these changes to the OS have no similar mechanism to express these regional preferences in Microsoft Edge (except to change their display language and region). 

## Opportunity
In order to better reflect a customer’s regional preferences (especially in the cases where the customer has changed their default preferences in the OS), Microsoft Edge is making a new Setting available in the “Language” section of Settings:

> ![Screenshot of Edge setting UI titled "Share additional OS regional format" with the option "limited (default)" selected.](media/os-regional-setting-screenshot.msft.png)

Reviewer: i'll streamline alt-text

Reviewer 2: Done

> ![Screenshot of Edge setting UI titled "Share additional OS regional format" with the option "limited (default)" selected.](media/os-regional-setting-screenshot.msft.png)

Reviewer: i'll probably create a full-window capture

Reviewer 2: I think it saves space this way

> This setting allows the customer’s OS regional preferences to be automatically made available to websites under “limited” cases by default (more on that below), and offers two other options, including “never” which reverts the feature back to legacy behavior. 

Reviewer: at "below" I'll try to link to a h2 or h4 heading

Reviewer 2: I just removed the line because it's literally below and not needed with the new headers

> This additional sharing will allow websites to have visibility into more customer’s specific regional preferences than was previously possible. Customers that changed their OS regional preferences may now see their preferences reflected automatically in more websites. Previously, these users preferences would not be visible to websites, and their [incorrect] preferences would be assumed from the browser’s display language default region instead. 

Reviewer: i'll probably change [] to ()

|    | What Setting Edge uses? |
|----|-------------------------|

> | Language/region used for formatting date, time, numbers, etc. | ~~The language in the edge://settings/languages list specified as the “displayed language”~~<br><mark>The language/region specified in the OS settings*</mark> |

Reviewer: i'll FTS tilde and consider moving * note into table cell

Reviewer 2: I did an editing pass.  Not sure what you meant, but I cleaned it up

> *Depending on the new “Share additional OS regional format” UI value (details below).

Reviewer: i'll probably link "below" to an h2 or h4 heading

Reviewer 2: removed line as it is literally below

One way in which the OS regional information could be misused is to compromise the user’s privacy—the regional information would be one additional bit of fingerprinting entropy. In combination with many other preexisting bits of entropy in the platform today, the user could be uniquely identified leading to more potential secondary harms. It’s important to remember that a user’s region and language are already available via the web platform, but users generally fall into well-recognized regional codes that are similar across geographies, and because the sample sizes are so large, the risk of any specific regional code “standing out” is small and thus the risk is small. If the user changes their OS preferences to a unique language + region, websites may be able to identify the anomaly in a population, and easily uniquely identify the associated customer. 

> 

Reviewer: i'll probably invent an h4 label/heading to distinguish each long paragraph, then break up long paragraphs

Reviewer 2: Done

## Three settings
Customers have three settings they can chose from:

> * Never 

Reviewer: i might try table to separate the setting name from notes

* Limited (default) 
* Always (not recommended). 

> To minimize the risks noted previously, customers can disable the sharing of the OS regional information by choosing “never”. This does not prevent websites from reading region information, but does block any specific OS regional customizations that the user has made from being exposed to website content. Instead, the browser’s display language is used to derive a default region. 

Reviewer: i might try 3 h4 headings, if the 3 settings paragraphs are independently broken out

Reviewer 2: I did this rather than the above.

When choosing “Always” the customer is exposed to the full set of risks noted earlier: the potential to be easily signaled out for fingerprinting, and also to potentially see website language-processing problems and inconsistencies. However, the user’s OS preferences will be made available to the website without any limitations or restrictions to be sure their preferences are respected. 

> The default recommended value is “limited.” With limited, the above risks are mitigated by ensuring that “incompatible” combinations of language and region are not revealed to websites. The “limited” value ensures that only “valid” combinations of the user’s current browser display language preference and a given region value are used. This ensures that websites won’t see a “regional code” anomaly (though it could still look unusual per geographic inference), and also ensures that for language processing, websites will at least provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in weird combinations). The “limited” setting compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser’s display language, and the regional part coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will pass the result through to the website. If the language parts don’t match or if the resultant combination isn’t valid, then the OS region preference is silently ignored and the feature acts as if “never” was selected (the regional information falls back to being derived from the browser’s display language). 

Reviewer: i'll probably remove some quotes, and maybe wrap the 3 settings names in backticks

Note: the “limited” value is similar to current Firefox behavior for exposing the regional code as described in [Locale management — Firefox Source Docs documentation (mozilla.org)](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/intl/locale.html#regional-preferences), but also offers the possibility to not share this information at all. 

## Policy Controls 
A related new policy added to Microsoft Edge provides a setting for corporate or enterprise-level default configurations: **ShareOSRegionThroughJavaScriptLocale** which accepts an integer with potential values: 

> * 0 = Limited 

Reviewer: I'll consider table

Reviewer 2: Done

* 1 = Always 
* 2 = Never 

In addition, an [older policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue) (**ApplicationLocaleValue**) allows setting the Edge locale and prevents users from changing it. 

## Developer Details 

> The new setting to “Share additional OS regional format” directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object’s default regional value as well as all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (e.g., such as the `Date` constructor). In cases where the `Intl` object’s constructors are used to create a new `Region`, `DateTimeFormat`, etc., with an existing regional code, these behaviors are unchanged. However, the Constructors offer options to create the objects without a specified regional code, in which case, the APIs fallback to a default regional code. The default regional code is what is surfaced via the new user preference. For example, a `DateTimeFormat` can be created with the user’s default regional code (and inspected) via: 

Reviewer: i'll change eg and etc but probably keep via

Reviewer 2: edited section

The user’s formatting preferences are abstracted into a relatively simple regional code, which is used by web applications to infer the various details noted above about dates, times, and other formatting preferences. With a regional code, websites can use a built-in Internationalization API to properly format information into the user's preferences. The built-in Internationalization API saves lots of MB of data transfer over the network, keeping websites small and allowing them to quickly and easily adapt to different regions. In general, the website's internationalization customer experiences are only as good as the regional code that they're able to determine for the current user. 

A regional code is a two-letter language code followed by a hyphen and a two-letter region code.  Microsoft Edge uses ICU, which is an implementation of the Unicode standard's Internationalization API.  See [ICU](https://icu.unicode.org/home).

To set the user’s language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS at the time it's first installed. After that, users can change the language preferences via **edge://settings/**languages and sorting them in a priority order.

> |Microsoft Edge Setting Category| Description |

Reviewer 3: Can we include an introduction before the table? I suggest something like: 
At **edge://settings/language/**, you see the following settings.

> |Microsoft Edge Setting Category| Description |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Microsoft Edge Languages settings| Description |
```

|--------|-------------------------|

> | The language used for rendering Microsoft Edge's UI | edge://settings/languages. One item in the list will indicate **Microsoft Edge is displayed in this language**|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **Microsoft Edge is displayed in this language** | One item in the list of **Preferred languages** indicates the language used for rendering Microsoft Edge's UI|
```

| The Language used to render web sites | **Website Server-side processing**: Microsoft Edge sends the language list (as regional codes) specified in **edge://settings/languages** via the accept-language header. <br><br> **Website Client-side processing**: Microsoft Edge makes the language list (as regional codes) available via the `navigator.languages` DOM API. The preferred language (at the top of the list) is also available as `navigator.language`. |

> | The language/region used for formatting date, time, numbers, etc. | The language in the **edge://settings/languages** list specified as the **displayed language** |

Reviewer 3: I suggest meeting with @travisleithead to discuss these settings some more. I can't find these in the UI.

|Microsoft Edge Languages settings| Description |
|--------|-------------------------|
| **Microsoft Edge is displayed in this language** | One item in the list of **Preferred languages** indicates the language used for rendering Microsoft Edge's UI|
| The Language used to render web sites | **Website Server-side processing**: Microsoft Edge sends the language list (as regional codes) specified in **edge://settings/languages** via the `accept-language` header. <br><br> **Website Client-side processing**: Microsoft Edge makes the language list (as regional codes) available via the `navigator.languages` DOM API. The preferred language (at the top of the list) is also available as `navigator.language`. |
| The language/region used for formatting values such as date, time, and numbers. | The language in the `edge://settings/languages` list specified as the **displayed language**. |

#### Regional format
To reflect a customer's regional preferences (especially when the user has changed their default preferences in the OS), Microsoft Edge has a new setting in the **Language** section of **Settings**:

> ![Share additional OS regional format with the option **limited** selected.](media/os-regional-setting-screenshot.msft.png)

Reviewer: retake screenshot showing an entire browser window for context, probably w/ red box

> 

Reviewer: @travisleithead - can you get the UI label changed to add hyphen before the two occurrences of "based"?

Author: It's possible, but a big hassle and will take a while to propogate to Stable channels, since it's a product string change. If we can avoid changing it that would be my preference.

---

> title: Operating System Regional Data Display in Microsoft Edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Operating System Regional Data Display
```

description: How users and web developers can use the OS regional format in Microsoft Edge for improved site experiences
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 08/15/2022
--- 

> # Introducing the OS regional sharing setting

Reviewer: @JasonAndrewWriter - make sure all copies of article title are updated:
toc.yml
title: yaml field
h1
link text of articles linking here, probably none

Reviewer 2: it looks like it was done.

> 

Reviewer: Global:
- break up paragraphs
- reduce use of parentheses
- straighten curly quotes
- when referring to UI (vs. APIs), capitalize per the UI labels

Reviewer 2: broke up paragraphs. reduced parenthesis, can't find curly quotes, checking with travis on his reviiew for UI versus APIs.

> # Updates to Region information exposed to web content

Author: ```suggestion
# Introducing the OS regional sharing setting
```

Reviewer: longer-lasting would be "OS regional sharing".
@JasonAndrewWriter  - see https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation

> # Operating System Regional Data Display in Microsoft Edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Operating System Regional Data Display
```

> Microsoft Edge provides operating system (OS) regional preference information to help website authors create regional experiences on their web site. This feature allows website authors to deliver value to users who specifically change their regional preferences in the OS to reflect their personal preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge provides operating system (OS) regional preference information to help website authors create regional experiences on their web site, when viewing your site using Microsoft Edge. This feature allows website authors to deliver value to users who specifically change their regional preferences in the OS to reflect their personal preferences.
```

Users want to see dates, times, numbers, and other formatting printed according to their preferences. For example, the US geographic region translates **7/2/2022** into **July 2nd, 2022**.  Another geographic region could translate that same date into **February 7, 2022** because they read the month and day inversely. 

#### Regional format
To reflect a user's regional preferences for how data is displayed (such as the date),Microsoft Edge has a new option  in the **Language** section of **Settings**.

> ![Share additional OS regional format with the option **limited** selected.](media/os-regional-setting-screenshot.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The 'Share additional OS regional format' menu with the Limited (default) option selected](media/os-regional-setting-screenshot.msft.png)
```

This access will allow websites to have visibility into more user's specific regional preferences than was previously possible. Customers that changed their OS regional preferences may now see their preferences reflected automatically in more websites.

> ## OS Regional Data Display Codes

Reviewer: global:  2 blank lines before h2 headings, 
`<!-- ====================================================================== -->
`

> ## OS Regional Data Display Codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## OS Regional Data Display Codes
```

To set the user's language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS when Microsoft Edge is first installed. The user can then change the language preferences in `edge://settings/languages` and sort them in priority order.

| Language or region data | User impact |
|--------|-------------------------|
| **Preferred language** in the **setting** page | The language selected for rendering Microsoft Edge. This language/region is also used for formatting values such as date, time, and numbers. |
|  `accept-language` HTTP header | A list of regional codes sent to the server to allow a Website to display the right language. Microsoft Edge sends the regional codes in the order specified in **edge://settings/languages**. |
| `navigator.language` API (and similar) | Allow a Website to display the right language and regional formatting for user input and other content produced locally. |

## Regional Data Display options
Users have three options on Microsoft Edge to select the level of information their browser will share about their regions:

> * Never 
> * Limited (default).
> * Always (not recommended). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Limited (default).
* Always (not recommended). 
* Never 
```
consistent sequence per UI

Reviewer 2: I fixed it manually

> #### Never

Reviewer: move section down below "Always" section for consistent sequence per UI

Reviewer 2: fixed

Users can disable the sharing of OS regional information by selecting **Never**. The **Never** option still allows websites to read regional information, but does block any specific OS regional customizations that the user has made from being exposed to website content. Instead, the browser's display language is used to derive a default region.

> #### Limited  (default)

Reviewer: global: break up long paragraphs eg 2-3 sentences per paragraph max.

> The default recommended value is **limited**. With this setting, the above risks are mitigated by ensuring that mismatched combinations of language and region aren't revealed to websites. The **limited** value ensures that only valid combinations of the user's current browser display language preference and a given region value are used. **Limited** ensures that websites won't see a regional code anomaly (though it could still look unusual per geographic inference), and also ensures that for language processing, websites will at least provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in weird combinations). The **limited** setting compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser’s display language, and the regional part coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will pass the result through to the website. If the language in the message doesn't match, the feature acts as if **never** was selected (the regional information falls back to being derived from the browser’s display language). 

Reviewer: global: break up long paragraphs such as max 2-3 sentences per paragraph

Reviewer: 'weird' -> 'mismatched'

Reviewer 2: Mismatch done

Reviewer 2: broke up paragraphs

> The default recommended value is **limited**. With this setting, the above risks are mitigated by ensuring that mismatched combinations of language and region aren't revealed to websites. The **limited** value ensures that only valid combinations of the user's current browser display language preference and a given region value are used. **Limited** ensures that websites won't see a regional code anomaly (though it could still look unusual per geographic inference), and also ensures that for language processing, websites will at least provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in weird combinations). The **limited** setting compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser’s display language, and the regional part coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will pass the result through to the website. If the language in the message doesn't match, the feature acts as if **never** was selected (the regional information falls back to being derived from the browser’s display language). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default, recommended value is **Limited**. When using the **Limited** setting, the above risks are mitigated by ensuring that mismatched combinations of language and region aren't revealed to websites. The **Limited** option ensures that only valid combinations of the user's current browser display language preference and a given region value are used. **Limited** ensures that websites won't see a regional code anomaly (though it could still look unusual per geographic inference), and also ensures that for language processing, websites will at least provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in weird combinations). The **Limited** option compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser’s display language, and the regional part coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will pass the result through to the website. If the language in the message doesn't match, the feature acts as if **Never** was selected (the regional information falls back to being derived from the browser’s display language). 
```
also break up paragraph, and reduce use of parentheses

Global when referring to UI: capitalize per UI

#### Content Presentation
The OS regional information could be misused by a website is in the consistency of their content presentation. There are various places in the web platform where language and regional information is made available.  Regional information is processed in one place, while language preferences are surfaced in another.  Furthermore, this information is proactively sent to the server on the initial request for content.

When the language and regional information is self-consistent, then it doesn't really matter which signals the website uses to assemble its content presentation. However, if one part of the web platform starts reporting a language preference, but another part of the platform reports a separate language, then the website may start to mix-and-match regional preferences, resulting in strange and unusual experiences.  Watch for the phrasing of requests that mixes languages and regional preferences together, such as "Email sent on miércoles, 5 de enero de 2021".

> ## Developer Details 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Developer Details 
```

The new setting to **Share additional OS regional format** directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object's default regional value and all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (such as the `Date` constructor). 

> When the `Intl` object's constructors are used to create a new regional code, such as `DateTimeFormat`, with an existing regional code these behaviors are unchanged). However, the constructors do offer options to create objects without a specified regional code, but the APIs fallback to a default regional code.

Author: ```suggestion
When the `Intl` object's constructors (such as `DateTimeFormat`) are provided with an existing regional code, their behavior is unchanged. However, when a specific regional code is not provided, the constructors will use the **default regional code**. The new user preference also affects other date and time formatting APIs that rely on the default regional code, such as `Date`.
```

---
title: Operating System Regional Data Display
description: How users and web developers can use the OS regional format in Microsoft Edge for improved site experiences
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 08/15/2022
--- 
# Operating System Regional Data Display

Microsoft Edge provides operating system (OS) regional preference information to help website authors create regional experiences on their web site, when viewing your site using Microsoft Edge. This feature allows website authors to deliver value to users who specifically change their regional preferences in the OS to reflect their personal preferences.

Users want to see dates, times, numbers, and other formatting printed according to their preferences. For example, the US geographic region translates **7/2/2022** into **July 2nd, 2022**.  Another geographic region could translate that same date into **February 7, 2022** because they read the month and day inversely. 

> #### Regional format

Author: ```suggestion
## Regional format
```
Should this be an H2 to match the other header sizes?

To reflect a user's regional preferences for how data is displayed (such as the date), Microsoft Edge has a new option  in the **Language** section of **Settings**.

![The 'Share additional OS regional format' menu with the Limited (default) option selected](media/os-regional-setting-screenshot.png)

> This access will allow websites to have visibility into more user's specific regional preferences than was previously possible. Users that change their OS regional preferences may now see their preferences reflected automatically in more websites.

Author: ```suggestion
This access allows websites to have visibility into more user's specific regional preferences than was previously possible. Users that change their OS regional preferences may now see their preferences reflected automatically in more websites.
```

Author: Since the feature is there, we don't need future tense.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## OS Regional Data Display Codes

The user's formatting preferences are abstracted into a simple regional code, which is used by web applications to infer the various details noted above about dates, times, and other formatting preferences.

Websites can use the built-in Internationalization API with a regional code to properly format information into the user's preferences.  The Internationalization API can save lots of MB of data transfer over the network, keeping websites small and allowing them to quickly and easily adapt to different regions.

In general, the website's internationalization user experiences are only as good as the regional code that they're able to determine for the current user. 

A regional code is a two-letter language code followed by a hyphen and a two-letter region code.  Microsoft Edge uses ICU to understand regional codes. ICU is an implementation of the Unicode standard's Internationalization API.  See [ICU](https://icu.unicode.org/home).

> To set the user's language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS when Microsoft Edge is first installed. The user can then change the language preferences in `edge://settings/languages` and sort them in priority order.

Author: ```suggestion
To set the user's language preferences, Microsoft Edge gets the default values from the OS when it is first installed. The user can then change the language preferences in `edge://settings/languages` and sort them in priority order.
```
One too many verbose usage of "Microsoft Edge" in the sentence...

| Language or region data | User impact |
|--------|-------------------------|
| **Preferred language** in the **setting** page | The language selected for rendering Microsoft Edge. This language/region is also used for formatting values such as date, time, and numbers. |
|  `accept-language` HTTP header | A list of regional codes sent to the server to allow a Website to display the right language. Microsoft Edge sends the regional codes in the order specified in **edge://settings/languages**. |
| `navigator.language` API (and similar) | Allow a Website to display the right language and regional formatting for user input and other content produced locally. |

## Regional Data Display options
Users have three options on Microsoft Edge to select the level of information their browser will share about their regions:

* Limited (default).
* Always (not recommended).
* Never 

#### Limited  (default)

> The default, recommended value is **Limited**. This setting uses only valid combinations of the user's current browser display language preference and the given region value. **Limited** ensures that for language processing, websites will at least provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in mismatched combinations). The **Limited** option compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser's display language, and the regional part coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will provide the regional code to websites as the default locale. If the OS-specified formatting language doesn't match Microsoft Edge's preferred language, the **Limited** option will act as if **Never** was selected (the regional code falls back to the browser's preferred display language). 

Author: ```suggestion
The default, recommended value is **Limited**. This setting uses only valid combinations of the user's current Microsoft Edge preferred language and the user's chosen OS regional preference. **Limited** ensures that for language processing, websites will provide a consistent language experience (not mixing languages in unpredictable combinations). The **Limited** option compares the language part of the regional code that is derived from the browser's current preferred display language, and the regional code coming from the OS setting, and if the language parts match and if the resulting regional code is a valid combination, will provide the regional code to websites as the default locale. If the OS-specified regional language doesn't match Microsoft Edge's preferred language, the **Limited** option will act as if **Never** was selected and will fall back to the regional code derived from the browser's preferred display language. 
```
This sentence had some confusing sentences. Hopefully this clears it up.

> Note: the **Limited** option is similar to current Firefox behavior for exposing the regional code, as described in [Regional Preferences - Firefox Source Docs documentation (mozilla.org)](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/intl/locale.html#regional-preferences), but also offers the possibility to not share this information at all. 

Author: ```suggestion
Note: the **Limited** option is similar to current Firefox behavior for exposing the OS regional code, as described in [Regional Preferences - Firefox Source Docs documentation (mozilla.org)](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/intl/locale.html#regional-preferences).
```
I think we can drop the part where we brag about having more flexibility than Firefox (especially if it isn't 100% true).

#### Always option (not recommended)

If **Always** is selected, the user's OS regional preferences will be provided to the Website without any limitations or restrictions. The user may be exposed to fingerprinting and to Website compatibility problems (inconsistent use of language and formatting). See below "Avoiding potential misuse" section.)

#### Never

> Users can disable the sharing of OS regional information by selecting **Never**. The **Never** option still allows websites to read regional information, but does block any specific OS regional customizations that the user has made from being exposed to website content. Instead, the browser's display language is used to derive a default region.

Author: ```suggestion
Users can disable the sharing of OS regional information by selecting **Never**. The **Never** option still allows websites to read regional information, but does block any specific OS regional customizations that the user has made from being exposed to website content. Instead, the browser's preferred display language is used to derive a default region.
```
Matching the terminology used elsewhere.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Policy Controls 
A related new policy in Microsoft Edge, **ShareOSRegionThroughJavaScriptLocale**, provides a setting for corporate or enterprise-level default configurations.  This setting accepts an integer with the following potential values: 

|Number| Description |
|--------|-------------------------|
| 1 | Limited | 
| 2 | Always | 
| 3 | Never | 

In addition, an older policy, [ApplicationLocaleValue](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies#applicationlocalevalue), sets the Microsoft Edge locale and locks it to prevent users from changing it. 

## Avoiding potential misuse  
We believe that **Limited** is the right option for most users. **Limited** respects the user's regional preferences while introducing the least amount of risk of the website misusing this information.

#### Fingerprinting Entropy

> OS regional information could be misused to compromise the user's privacy.  The regional information would help hackers establish fingerprinting entropy. In combination with many other pre-existing bits of entropy in the platform today, the user could be uniquely identified leading to more potential secondary harm. While a user's region and language are already available via the web platform, users generally fall into well-recognized regional codes that are similar across geographies.  Because the sample sizes are so large, the risk of any specific regional code standing out is small, and thus the risk is small. If the user changes their OS preferences to a unique language + region, websites may be able to identify the anomaly in a population, and easily uniquely identify the associated user. 

Author: ```suggestion
OS regional information could be misused to compromise the user's privacy.  The regional information would help hackers establish fingerprinting entropy. In combination with many other pre-existing bits of entropy in the platform today, the user could be uniquely identified leading to more potential secondary harm. While a user's region and language are already available via the web platform, users generally fall into well-recognized regional codes that are similar across geographies.  Because the sample sizes are so large, the risk of any specific regional code standing out is small, and thus the risk is small. If the user changes their OS preferences to a unique language + region, websites may be able to identify the anomaly in a population, and uniquely identify the associated user. 
```
Well... it may not be "easy". Dropping that word.

#### Content Presentation
The OS regional information can also be misused and lead to inconsistency of a Website's language presentation. Microsoft Edge provides multiple language and regional APIs to Websites developers.  Websites may process regional information in one place, while deriving language preferences from another.

> When the language and regional information is self-consistent, then it doesn't really matter which APIs the website uses to assemble its content presentation. However, if a Website reads the language information from multiple APIs and those APIs return different language codes, then the website may inadvertently start to mix-and-match regional preferences, resulting in strange user experiences. Watch for phrasing that mixes languages and regional preferences together, such as "Email sent on miércoles, 5 de enero de 2021".

Author: ```suggestion
When the language and regional information is self-consistent, then it doesn't really matter which APIs the website uses to assemble its content presentation. However, if a Website reads the language information from multiple APIs and those APIs return different language codes, then the website may inadvertently start to mix-and-match regional preferences, resulting in strange user experiences. For example, phrasing that mixes languages and regional preferences together, such as "Email sent on miércoles, 5 de enero de 2021".
```
This isn't a call for action, nor are we anticiating this outcome given "Limited" as the default value. This last part is just meant to be an FYI of what the potential "strange user experiences" might be like.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Developer Details 
The new setting to **Share additional OS regional format** directly impacts the JavaScript `Intl` object's default regional value and all other JavaScript APIs that use the default region (such as the `Date` constructor). 

When the `Intl` object's constructors (such as `DateTimeFormat`) are provided with an existing regional code, their behavior is unchanged. However, when a specific regional code isn't provided, the constructors will use the **default regional code**. The new user preference also affects other date and time formatting APIs that rely on the default regional code, such as `Date`.

> The default regional code is what is surfaced via the new user preference. For example, a `DateTimeFormat` can be created with the user's default regional code (and inspected) via the following expression:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, a `DateTimeFormat` can be created with the user's default regional code (and inspected) via the following expression:
```
Dropping the part that is redundant with the message in the last two paragraphs.
